No, what are you all looking at me for?
It's scary.
Ma Liang, our rebel army has more than 100,000 people
Now.
I think I'm sure I can take it
Nonsense. Nonsense.
Why are you going to the capital of Rakshasa?
As you said last time
I went back and thought about it.
Very reasonable.
So I decided to strike first
Yes, the morale of the insurgents is strong now
give up unprecedented
It's a good time to build an army
Very good spirit
I think you're right.
But why are you looking for me now?
Hu Cheng has stood tall for so many years
I think you have so many crazy ideas.
Help me out
This is all about your rebels
What does it have to do with me as a patient?
I'm here to help you just to save my brother
My brother is out now
I don't think so.
It's time to leave Luochang
If you want to leave, I am not from the Rakshasa Kingdom
My brother has come out
I'm not leaving. I'm waiting for you to treat me to dinner.
also right
You helped me so much.
It's time to go
I'm leaving now.
Don't bother you, the commander is leaving now, the commander
Mr. Ma Liang, rest early
The last will go one step first